Update Certification_Roles_and_Responsibilities.md (#188)
International-Data-Spaces-Association/IDS-RAM_4_0: documentation/4_Perspectives_of_the_Reference_Architecture_Model/4_2_Certification_Perspective/CertificationScheme/Certification_Roles_and_Responsibilities.md

## Certification Body

The IDS Certification Body is appointed by the International Data Spaces Association and among other things regularly aligns with the IDSA to manage the certification process, defines the standardized evaluation procedures and supervises the actions of the Evaluation Facilities. Currently, the IDSA Head Office acts as the Certification Body.

Its responsibilities include:

> -   Formulating and defining the certification scheme in cooperation with the International Data Spaces Association, including the evaluation procedures, operational environment and core component certification approaches as well as their underlying criteria catalogues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Maintaining the IDS Certification Scheme:
    - The Certification Body and (other) members of the International Data Spaces Association collaborate in the Working Group Certification to formulate and define the IDS Certification Scheme and its utilized criteria catalogues. 
    - In particular, the Certification Body in collaboration with the IDSA is responsible for defining the evaluation procedures and operational environment and core component certification approaches based on those criteria catalogues.
```

-   To provide and enable the functionality of the checklist approach. (Connector Certification, Trust Level 1, Assureance Level 1).
-   - For the checklist-approach certification no Evaluation Facility is needed. The Certification Body provides a portal, where applicants can conduct a self-assessment of their connector by answering a questionnaire.
-   - The answers will be evaluated by the Certification Body directly.  It will inform the applicant about the outcome directly and issue the certificate if the answers have been according to the IDS Certification Scheme. 

> -   Approval of the Evaluation Facilites. 
> -   - For the Assurance Level 2, Evaluation Facilites are needed. They evaluate the components in detail and make sure that they act according to the IDS Certification Scheme. 
> -   - Before they start evaluating, the Certification Body ensures, that the evaluation facility's tools and tests are valid. This is beeing done within the approval process. During dedicated workshops the Certification Body examinates the skills of the evaluators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Approval of Evaluation Facilites: 
   - For the Assurance Level 2 and 3, Evaluation Facilities are needed. They evaluate the components or operational environments in detail and make sure that they fulfill the requirements defined in the IDS Certification Scheme.
   - Before a company may act as an Evaluation Facility, the Certification Body ensures that the company is able to realize the IDS Certification Scheme and take on the role of an Evaluation Facility.
   - Within the approval process, the Certification Body checks legal requirements, existing management processes and the competence of the potential evaluators based on provided documentation.
   - Additionally, the competence of the Evaluation Facility and the usage of adequate tooling is assessed in dedicated workshops with the Certification Body.
```

> -   Monitoring the performance of the Evaluation Facilites.
> -   - To ensure highest quality of the certification process the Certification Body participates in the evaluations on a selective basis.
> -   - The Certification Body also reminds the Evaluation Facility to get re-approved after two years if no evaluation has been conducted during that period.
> -   - Whenever new guidelines are developed and published by the association, the Certification Body informs the Evaluation Facilities. 
> -   -   Decision about approval or exclusion of Evaluation Facilities for/from executing IDS evaluations (based on ongoing monitoring and [CRIT-EF]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Supervising evaluations conducted by the Evaluation Facilities:
   - To ensure high quality and comparability of the conducted evaluation, the Certification Body oversees all evaluations and closely observes the performed evaluations on a sample basis.
   - The Certification Body also reminds the Evaluation Facility to get re-approved after two years.
   - Whenever new guidelines are developed and published by the association, the Certification Body informs the Evaluation Facilities.
   -   In case of issues with the work of an Evaluation Facility, the Certification Body decides about the exclusion of Evaluation Facilities from executing IDS evaluations (based on ongoing monitoring and [CRIT-EF]).
```

> -   -   Decision about approval or exclusion of Evaluation Facilities for/from executing IDS evaluations (based on ongoing monitoring and [CRIT-EF]).

Reviewer: Where shall the reference "CRIT-EF" point to? - if it is a referral to the approval scheme, we could directly add a link to the respective folder here in the repository

Author: This content was already in the text when I started, I thought it came from you.

Reviewer: I think we had a correct reference in the PDF-Version of the document where we had [CRIT-EF] then defined in the bibliography. We should check there and then adjust it as necessary

- Issuing the certificates to the applicants. 
- - Reviewing and commenting on the evaluation reports received from Evaluation Facilities.
-   - Making final decision about the award or denial of a certificate and publishing the awarded certificates.
-   - Keeping track of the certification processes currently in progress and communicating them transparently at the IDSA website.
-   The Certification Body only grants the certificate (called evaluation certificate subsequently) only if both the Evaluation Facility and the experts of the Certification Body have come to the conclusion that all preconditions are fulfilled. The certification body sends the certificate directly to the applicant, at the same time informing the Evaluation Facility of its decision. 

-   Guiding applicants through the certification process.
-   - The Certification provides and maintans the list of approved Evaluation Facilites on the IDSA website.
-   - By contacting supportoffice@internationaldataspaces.org applicants can reach out for support on the whole certification process. 

> -   Ongoing monitoring of certification-relevant external developments (e.g. new attack patterns which might circumvent certified security measures).

Reviewer: I really like those additional points below :+1:
Can we find either a new heading for them or integrate them into one of the existing points, e.g. the first aspect of "Maintaining the IDS Certification Scheme:"?
